bin/init: Use cloud provider instead of flavor (#86)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray: README.md

    ```bash
    export CK8S_CONFIG_PATH=~/.ck8s/my-environment
    ./bin/ck8s-kubespray init <prefix> [--cloud-provider cloud_provider] [--sops-fingerprint fingerprint]
    ```

    Arguments:
    * `prefix` will be used to differentiate this cluster from others in the same CK8S_CONFIG_PATH.
      For now you need to set this to `wc` or `sc` if you want to install compliantkubernetes apps on top afterwards, this restriction will be removed later.

    Flags:
    * `--cloud_provider` will determine some default values for a variety of config options, the environment variable `CK8S_CLOUD_PROVIDER` is used if unset.

>       Supported options are `default`, `gcp`, `aws`, `vsphere`, and `openstack`.

Reviewer: This is not correct anymore.
```suggestion
      Supported options are `citycloud`, `safespring`, `gcp`, `aws`, `vsphere`, and `exoscale`.
```
